Hey, what’s up IGN!?

My name is Michael Kung and I am so excited to be applying for the Code Foo program at IGN and I would love to join the team. I’m actually a big fan of Pokemon and stumbled upon this opportunity while searching for Pokemon content following the Sword and Shield announcement, so the Pokeball question immediately grabbed my attention as something both fun and challenging that I absolutely had to tackle. It has been a pleasure and a delight working on these problems, and I would love to be able tackle more and similar challenges at IGN.

I have been a gamer my entire life and even followed IGN back during the days of dial-up and Netscape Navigator--waiting literal minutes to read articles of Pokemon Red/Blue and Ocarina of Time. I remember spending so much time poring over the IGN site trying to find as much as I could about Mew so that I could one day catch it. IGN has always been a site I could rely on for news and reviews of upcoming games, or guides and walkthroughs to help me master what I was currently playing. Over the years I’ve spent a lot of time on IGN consuming coverage of the most important event of the year--E3. I also get so emotionally invested that I cheer on my favorite games during IGN’s game awards.

It has always been a dream of mine to work in the gaming industry. I’ve had the privilege of working for Nintendo of America as an associate administrator in the past. However, an office job was not my passion. I wanted to tackle problems and create content that people would love. I remember growing up and using Starcraft’s campaign editor to create custom “use map settings” games, spending countless hours figuring out the logic of game triggers to create my own Starcraft content. I loved crafting stories and unique experiences for my friends to enjoy.

Since that time, I recently graduated from Seattle University’s graduate level computer science program. I’ve worked an internship as a software engineer in San Francisco, and currently volunteer at MakeSoil as a full stack developer. It would be an honor and a privilege to work for the top website for gaming related news, where I hope to grow as a developer and craft great experiences for other gamers to enjoy.

Please feel free to contact me any time at (415)816-1924 or at kung.m6@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing back from you. Thank you for your time and consideration.
